The old lady is fine
It's just a syncope caused by the renewal of qi and blood
Don't be too irritated recently, okay?
Just get to the doctor and we'll take good care of grandma
Walk slowly
sister
No matter what tricks you want to play
If you dare to touch Grandma Rong again, I will kill you
Sister, what are you talking about?
Grandma, wasn't he angry with Miss Su?
The old lady has been controlled by my sister-in-law
Now as long as you control my sister again
I can become the real Mrs. Shen
How come?
Why is such strength useless to him?
What are you doing?
Let go of my granddaughter-in-law
come
Really don't be afraid
Grandma is here
No one dares to hurt your grandma, don't call me grandma hum
You are not engaged to Zhen Jin
Never recognize me as a grandmother
Are you trying to piss me off?
Ah!
Just for this Heavenly Fiend Lone Star who killed the whole family
Tiansha Lone Star
I haven't heard that word in a long time
Xiao Qiao
Why are you here?
I was just on a mission nearby, uh
Xiao Qiao, do you have time tomorrow?
Ah, is that so? Hmm.
Ye Jia will hold a charity party tomorrow
I want to invite you to be a dancer hunting partner
Well, just take this opportunity to find a way to relieve boredom
Qi way
If it's inconvenient for you, you don't have time.
I'll go to the night view with you.
Really. Hmm.
Good.
Then I'll drive to pick you up tomorrow and talk about what?
So happy